libusb 1.0.16 Release Notes:

April 10, 2013

Changes since 1.0.9:

 - Hotplug support! This new API is currently supported by the Linux
   and Darwin backends. There is no hotplug support for either Windows
   or NetBSD at this time.

 - Support for parsing USB 3.0 descriptors: Binary Object Store (BOS),
   USB SuperSpeed endpoint companion. The interface is API compatible with
   the FreeBSD libusb interface.

 - Fix #142: Spurious short packet errors received because SHORT_NOT_OK flag
   is always turned on.

 - Fix #151: darwin: reduce the number of retries in enumeration

 - Fix #150: darwin: do not try to unsuspend Apple devices

 - Fix #148: Use Android logging when building on Android

 - Fix #137: take advantage of new kernel support for large transfers

 - Fix #165: Darwin: submit_iso_transfer() assumes HS device.

 - Fix #159: Build with automake-1.13 broken

 - Fix #153: darwin: use Release instead of IODestroyPlugInInterface to avoid
   stopping IOServices associated with a device

 - Fix #147: Access violation in usbi_log_v when no default context is set

 - Fix #139: libusb 1.0.9 on Mac OS X keyboard and mouse blocked

A special thanks to Xiaofan Chen and others in the community for helping
find and fix bugs!


libusb 1.0.9

This release has taken much too long to finish, but this also means that it
has a long list of bugs fixes and many other improvements.

Perhaps the most exciting improvement is the addition of the backend for
Microsoft Windows, which closes ticket #1.

A very special thanks goes to Pete Batard, Michael Plante, Tim Roberts,
Orin Eman, Graeme Gill, and everyone else in the community who help work
on the Windows support!

Because Windows is a peculiar beast you may encounter some bugs when using
this first release with the Windows backend. In that case, please get in
touch with the libusb community so that we can help resolve them. File a
ticket at http://libusb.org/newticket or let us know via email or on IRC.
Visit http://libusb.org/ for all contact details.

Another exciting improvement is the new OpenBSD backend, which also works
on NetBSD systems.

All known downstream bugs and all known severe bugs reported directly to
libusb.org have been fixed in this release, so please report new ones!


This release would not have been what it is without help, code, reports,
and advice from friends like these:

 Alan Ott, Alan Stern, Brian Shirley, Dave Camarillo, Graeme Gill,
 Hans de Goede, Hector Martin, James Hanko, Konrad Rzepecki,
 Ludovic Rousseau, Martin Pieuchot, Mike Frysinger, Orin Eman,
 Pekka Nikander, Pete Batard, Sean McBride, Sebastian Pipping,
 Stephan Meyer, Thomas Röfer, Trygve Laugstøl, Vitali Lovich, Xiaofan Chen

	Thanks!
